magento/devdocs#: Add documentation about @magentoConfigFixture annotation (#5086)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/functional-testing.md

$registry->register('isSecureArea', false);
```

### Fixture configs

> Use `@magentoConfigFixture` annotation to set a custom config value. It supports a `store` scope only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `@magentoConfigFixture` annotation to set a custom config value. It supports a `store` scope only.
```

Author: **fixed**

 
#### Syntax

```php
/**
 * @magentoConfigFixture <store_code>_store <config_key> <config_value>
 */
```

where

> - `<store_code>` - Code of store. See `store`.`code` table

Reviewer 2: I would make the description more transparent here in the following way for all arguments
```suggestion
- `<store_code>` - Store code. See the `store`.`code` database field value. 
```

Author: **fixed**

Author: @rogyar , thank you for review!

All your suggestions have been implemented.

Thank you!

- `<config_key>` - Config key. See `core_config_data`.`path` 
- `<config_value>` - Config value. See `core_config_data`.`value`

{: .bs-callout-info }
`@magentoConfigFixture` does not require a roll-back.  

#### Example usage 
 
The following example sets a store-scoped value `1` for the config key `checkout/options/enable_agreements` for the `default` store in the `GetActiveAgreement()` test: 

```php
    /**
     * @magentoConfigFixture default_store checkout/options/enable_agreements 1
     */
    public function testGetActiveAgreement()
    {
        ...
    }
```

> In the background process, `@magentoConfigFixture` do the next before test execution:  

Reviewer 2: Please, adjust.
```suggestion
In the background process, `@magentoConfigFixture` performs the following action before test execution:  
```

Author: **fixed**

> In the background process, `@magentoConfigFixture` performs the following action before test execution:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@magentoConfigFixture` performs the following action  as a background process before test execution:  
```

Author: **fixed**

Author: @keharper , all your suggestions have been implemented.

Thank you!

```sql
INSERT INTO `core_config_data` (scope`, `scope_id`, `path`, `value`)
VALUES
	('stores', 1, 'checkout/options/enable_agreements', '1');
```

> and automatically removes `checkout/options/enable_agreements` config key from database when test be completed.

Reviewer 2: Please, adjust 
```suggestion
and automatically removes `checkout/options/enable_agreements` config key from the database after the test has been completed.
```

Author: **fixed**

> and automatically removes `checkout/options/enable_agreements` config key from the database after the test has been completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fixture automatically removes the `checkout/options/enable_agreements` config key from the database after the test has been completed.
```

Author: **fixed**
